Make US↔EU Cloud region migrations self-serve in docs (#17650)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/migrate/migrate-to-cloud.mdx

### Migrating events between Cloud instances (e.g. US -> EU Cloud)

You can self-serve a migration between Cloud regions using an [HTTP batch export](/docs/cdp/batch-exports) that points from your source project at the destination region.

Before you start, make sure you're a member of both the source and destination projects, and create a project in your destination region if you don't have one already.

1. Log into your **source** project (the one you're migrating away from).

> 2. Create a new **HTTP batch export** (in [Data pipelines](https://us.posthog.com/pipeline/destinations) -> **Destinations** -> **New destination**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new **PostHog HTTP** batch export (in [Data pipelines](https://us.posthog.com/pipeline/destinations) -> **Destinations** -> **New destination**).
```

> 3. Set the destination region to the **US** or **EU** PostHog instance you're migrating to, and set the API key to your **destination** project's [Project API key](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project#variables).

Reviewer: Project API key -> Project token? `phc_x`

```suggestion
3. Set the destination region to the **US** or **EU** PostHog instance you're migrating to, and set the Destination project token to your **destination** project's [token](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project).
```

4. Set the interval to **hourly** if you have large event volumes, or **daily** otherwise.

> 5. To migrate your historical data, click **Backfill batch export** and choose the time range. Check your data for the earliest ingested event so you don't miss anything, unless you only want a specific period.

Reviewer: This option doesn't seem to be here anymore?

6. If you want to keep both regions in sync during the cutover, **enable** the batch export so it continuously exports new events. Once you've [switched tracking in your product](#switching-tracking-in-your-product) to the new region, you can disable it.

> > **Transferring billing credits between regions?** Credits (for example from a YC or startup deal) don't move automatically when you migrate. If you have credit on your source account that you want moved to your destination region, [contact support](https://us.posthog.com/home#supportModal) and our billing team will transfer it for you. This is the one part of a region migration that isn't yet self-serve.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this would ever be self-serve, so probably worth rewording this.
